Oh, good, you're here.
I know things have been
a little slow lately,
but I have made a decision
that is going to change
our business
in a profound way.
You're getting
out of clocks
and into something
that makes sense.
SALEM:
I got it.
Designer cat food.
No, and fat chance, Tubby.
I have something
in the store room
that is going to have
a line of customers
snaking around the block.
Ta-da!
Well, I'm sure I
speak for everyone
when I say
"creepy."
Well, there'll certainly be
a nice deduction come tax time.
All right, I'll give you
one more chance.
Salem, what do you think?
Let me be delicate.
Those clocks are awful.
Is that so?
I-I mean awful good.
Look over there.
No, over there!
(whimpering):
Oh, change me back
or take me to Wimbledon.
¶ ¶
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
¶ Secrets ¶
¶ You're never gonna know ¶
¶ You're never gonna get it ¶
¶ Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah ¶
¶ Secrets, secrets ¶
¶ Secrets. ¶
¶ ¶
So, are you buying a new dress
for the Snowflake Ball?
No, I've already got
plenty that are fine
for loitering awkwardly
around the punch bowl
and that's all Harvey and I
ever do at those things.
P.A. ANNOUNCER:
Your attention, please.
The finalists for the King and
Queen of the Snowflake Ball are:
Gracie Charters and Dan Kael,
Jean Huang and Hans Tercek,
and Sabrina Spellman
and Harvey Kinkle.
You know, I've won
lots of academic prizes,
but never anything
as meaningless
as a popularity contest.
Do you think Harvey and I
have a shot?
Well, they say
the cutest couple always wins.
But those girls are really cute.
You and Harvey are cute, too.
Right. We'll just be ourselves
and let the chips fall
where they may,
and I'll just take
the high road.
But while I'm taking it,
I may as well do it
in a killer new dress.
Zelda, I've got bad news.
Uh-oh, is Salem running
five minutes fast again?
No, I just found out
that one of those gigantic
Everything Emporium stores
is going to open
outside of town.
Oh, one of those great
discount places?
They have a huge selection
of clothing
and appliances and...
(gasps):
clocks.
And I really love
this place.
I was hoping to struggle
for a few years
and then file for Chapter 11.
Oh, Hilda, don't overreact.
It's probably just a rumor.
Do you want to start
boarding up the windows
or should I?
Hey, Josh, do you think
I'd look good in this dress?
I mean, you can't see the
outline of my liver, though.
Why do women do
this to themselves?
Sabrina, you're smart,
you're beautiful.
Tell me, what does this girl
have that you don't?
You mean
besides millions of dollars
and an abusive
rock-star boyfriend?
That's what's wrong
with our society.
See, we emphasize beauty
to such a degree,
it's downright unhealthy.
Hey, look,
a pill to stop hair loss.
Hey, Salem.
Want to see the dress
that's going to get me elected
Queen of the Snowflake Ball?
Put it on.
But I should warn you,
I can be catty.
It's the only one they had;
isn't it perfect?
Except for the fact
that it's one size too small.
I see.
In your world "perfect"
means "doesn't fit."
And since it's an
Other Realm original,
it can't be altered.
Really? Now I know why
the Other Realm
trails behind Paris
as the fashion capital.
Okay, well,
if I can't alter the dress,
I'll alter myself.
I'll diet.
I've never done it before,
but how hard can it be?
Yeah, the fact that
weight-loss products
comprise
a billion-dollar industry
is probably
just a funny coincidence.
Good morning,
Sabrina.
How would you
like your eggs?
Oh, as far away
from me as possible.
I'm on a diet
so I can fit in my new dress
and be elected
Queen of the Snowflake Ball.
Hmm, and if you go down
two dress sizes,
you can get into an
Ivy League school.
You're fine just
the way you are.
Fine?
Harvey and I are competing
with two other
really cute couples.
Fine is going to come in third.
Well, at least let me give you
one of these
whole-grain muffins.
Oh, come on.
Think of chewing as
an aerobic exercise.
Ugh... just holding this muffin
is making me feel bloated.
Huh?
(munching)
One man's trash, baby.
One, two, three, four,
their prices are low,
but their morals are lower!
Well, once again,
you're overreacting.
Overreacting gets results!
I am simply exercising
my right to free speech.
Uh-huh, and the
rotten fruit?
Visual aids.
Hilda, I've made
an appointment for you
with the president
of the Everything Emporium
to sit down
and discuss the matter,
if you'd like to try
the mature approach.
Fine. I just hope I can
return that cow manure.
What are the odds
that the cafeteria
would have the bacon
cheeseburgers
and chocolate sundaes
on the same day?
I know, it's like winning
the lottery.
Did you misplace
your entree?
No. I'm trying
to lose weight,
so I can fit
in my new dress.
The dress that's going
to make us a lock
for King and Queen.
Good. So we're both
doing our part.
What's yours, eating
like Henry VIII?
Don't pretend like you
haven't noticed my mustache.
Oh, I see it.
No, that's just a shadow.
(low gurgling)
Does anyone else hear that
strange buzzing sound?
Yes.
Like the low hum
of an incoming B-52.
Are we at war?
(low gurgling)
Uh, you know I think
it's that darn sophomore
with the deviated septum.
He must have closed
his mouth again.
Sabrina,
could you come up here?
I think I might have
an antacid.
What flavor?
Can I have two?
I always carry
the essentials.
Let's see.
No, that one's for leprosy.
So, thanks for taking time out
of your busy schedule
to meet with me.
Hand me that towel,
will you?
(phone rings)
What?
Fire him.
Your son?
He's not a closer.
Anyway, I hoped
if I could tell you
what a wonderful place
my clock shop is,
you would find it in your heart
to spare it.
(chuckling):
That's a good one.
Spare it!
Oh, who sent you in here,
huh? Artie?
You're serious, aren't you?
You really think there's
anything you could tell me
to keep me from squashing you
like a bug?
We put a lot of effort into
our selection of timepieces.
Oh, well, in that case,
I'll tell you
what I'm going to do.
I'm going to count
all the way to three
before I call security.
Before I go, could I just make
one little point?
Oh, look who's been downsized.
This stinks.
I've been dieting
for a whole half a day
and I haven't even
lost a pound.
Sabrina, I found that
the key to losing weight
is eating the right foods.
Who are you channeling?
The other day I saw you
put sugar on bacon.
Lean bacon.
There's got to be
something in here
that will help me
fit in my dress.
Hey, look at this ad.
"Thanks to Blubber-Be-Gone,
I lost 50 pounds
in three days."
That's ridiculous.
What'd he do, lop off a leg?
Here goes.
"Thin my thighs,
lose my roll,
make me skinnier
than Manute Bol."
Ooh!
I see you called me
in the nick of time.
I did?
Losing weight the Blubber-
Be-Gone way is easy.
Whenever you're hungry,
instead of eating food,
just mix yourself a shake.
Taste?
Not bad;
although I still prefer ipecac.
SALEM:
Excuse me,
but I think we've met before.
Weren't you selling
that turn-your-eye-gunk-
into-gold kit a few years ago?
No, that must have been
my brother.
Happy dieting.
This is great.
I'm going to lose weight,
I'm going to look fantastic
in my new special dress,
and I'll be elected
queen of the ball.
Right.
And one of these days,
my pink eye
is going to pay off big.
Oh, no.
Woman's pump at 10:00.
Oh, so how does it feel
being the, uh...
little guy?
What's that?
Earthquake?
Mm. Mm. Mm.
Blech!
And now,
for the moment of truth.
It fits!
The shakes worked.
Hi, there.
I thought you might like
to try our new flavors.
Gaunt grape
and lean, mean nectarine.
Thanks, but I lost
all the weight I had to.
I don't need any more shakes.
You really think so?
You guys must work
on commission.
As you can plainly see,
I... (gasps)
look awful.
I'll take two cases.
Quick, before the firemen
have to come
and cut me out of my bedroom.
Hey, by the way,
how did your meeting go
with the president
of Everything Emporium?
Not bad.
At first, it wasn't going well,
but then he had, uh...
metamorphoses.
Either you're up to something,
or...
No, that's it.
You're up to something.
Mmm, Sabrina, you've got
to try these croissants.
They're just like
Grandma used to make.
Well, not my grandma,
but someone's grandma
who knew how to bake.
No, thanks.
I had a raisin earlier
and, boy, am I stuffed.
Sabrina, you're looking
awfully skinny.
You're not still on
that diet, are you?
Me? No, I'm fine.
Hey, do I see
a little scalp up there?
(gasps)
Don't tell me.
I've inherited the Spellman gene
for a keister
the size of Manhattan.
Oh, I knew it.
It was just some sort of spell.
And yet the insecurity
about my butt won't go away.
I think it's time
to bring back suspenders.
Sabrina, we have to talk.
Oh, well,
I only have a little while
before Harvey picks me up
for the dance
and your stern lectures
tend to eat up the clock.
Not only are these
things a scam,
but they can cause
serious side effects.
But I have to lose weight.
Like making you think
you have to lose weight.
Come here, look
in the mirror.
No, not the mirror!
It's so cruel
and unforgiving!
Not anymore.
That creepy salesman
put a spell on it,
but I deactivated it. See?
What are you talking about?
It's like looking at a picture
of William Howard Taft.
Oh, no.
All this dieting has affected
you psychologically.
You can't see that
you're so thin,
you're practically sick.
Oh, well, what good
is my health if I'm not Queen?
No more shakes.
Fine! Force me to live
with this obscene obesity.
You know,
Aunt Zelda is so unfair.
I know
it seems unfair now,
but someday
when you're older and wiser,
you'll be able to look back
on all this
and get revenge.
Hey... one more shake
wouldn't hurt
and it would be wrong to waste
perfectly good guar gum.
Hilda, here's
an interesting news item.
"Everything Emporium
president missing."
Oh, look, Larry King
likes the new
Ludlum novel.
Did you have anything
to do with this?
No. Robert Ludlum
has his own publicist.
Oh, you mean the Everything
Emporium president?
Yes. He was bugging me,
so I turned him into one.
Ginger beer?
A bug?
Hilda, you've got
to change him back.
He is in a perfectly humane
situation...
...now that I gave him
air holes.
SABRINA:
I wonder if that last milk shake
made any difference.
I certainly feel lighter.
Salem, help!
I've disappeared!
(gasps):
I'm so sorry.
Hey, twirl me around
so it looks like I'm flying.
SABRINA:
What's happened?!
Where am I?!
You've dieted until
you've disappeared.
Now I'm starting to wonder
if you can be too rich.
There has to be a potion
in here somewhere.
You need
an Other Realm camera.
Everyone knows those cameras
add a hundred pounds.
(doorbell rings)
That's Harvey!
Order me a camera, now!
Come on, Sabrina.
We're not going to be able
to vote for ourselves
if we're late.
Self-opening door?
Cool.
Not very safe, but cool.
(running footfalls)
Has the camera
arrived yet?
Yes!
Finally. Hurry up
and take my picture.
Could we take
another one?
I think your eyes were closed.
Sabrina, I'm down here
when you're ready!
And sorry to anyone I woke up.
SABRINA:
I'll be right there.
Okay, everything's going
to be fine.
Uh-oh.
You think that happened because
we didn't use name-brand film?
Oh, look, it says the camera
only brings you back
for a few minutes.
So much for "Take a picture,
it'll last longer."
And you'll start to flicker
whenever you're
about to disappear.
Like that.
Quick, take
another picture.
Okay.
This time I want to get
a little more creative.
You got a wind machine handy?
Just shoot me.
Okay.
Great.
I'm going to have to take
the camera to the dance with me
and keep having
my picture taken.
Don't let anyone else
in the picture.
If people aren't flickering out,
they'll gain a hundred pounds.
And to think I used to complain
when I got a run in my stocking.
I keep him in a
little glass jar,
which I refer
to as "Oz."
Uh-oh. Jailbreak.
You lost him?
Oh, perfect.
Thanks to your overreacting,
I get to spend my Friday night
looking for a cockroach
with my sister.
Oh, come on.
This is stuff
that keeps us young.
Ooh! I think I
see a dropping.
You look terrific.
Do you think so?
Because this is more
of a standing-up dress
than a sitting-down dress.
I thought we'd be
standing up more.
It's too bad your car
doesn't have a sunroof.
You look terrific.
So, what's up with the camera?
Oh, you know, I wanted
to preserve the memories
of our big night.
Uh, did you drop
your left cuff link?
What was that?
Northern lights?
(upbeat music playing)
Sabrina, that dress
is fantastic.
Really? You don't think it
makes me look too hippy?
¶ ¶
My eyes are acting weird.
Oh, I saw something
about that on 20/20.
The best thing to do
is keep them closed.
Hey, could you take my picture?
Sure.
Smile.
Oh, no! Harvey!
Sorry, your eyes
always come out red.
Oh! Got him.
No, that's a real roach.
(shrieks)
Wait a minute.
I know exactly
what we need.
HILDA:
A roach motel?
Zelda, this guy is
a captain of industry.
There's no way
he'd stay at a motel.
Okay, fine.
The roach Carlton.
Nice. Except for the faint
smell of boric acid,
I'd give it four stars.
Never seen a camera
like this before.
Just push the
button, Avedon.
Picture?!
Mrs. Quick, no!
Mrs. Quick, we've got
to get you out of here.
Now don't get too upset, okay?
There's got to be a
simple explanation.
It's a bee sting,
isn't it?
Okay.
I thought I heard
buzzing earlier,
but I attributed it
to my tinnitus.
P.A. ANNOUNCER:
The next dance is
for our King and Queen nominees,
and then it's time
for everyone to vote.
Mrs. Quick,
don't panic, okay?
We're going to rush
you to the hospital.
The doctors are going
to take care of you.
Everything will be fine.
I just need one minute.
Got him.
I knew he couldn't resist
that thumbnail-
sized Toblerone.
Thank goodness.
Zap him back
so we can go home.
Right.
But first a little
good-natured torture.
Hilda.
Where am I?
Um... we found you
wandering out
in the street.
I-I think you may have
hit your head.
Do you feel all right?
Do you perhaps feel like
you now understand what it's
like to be the little guy
in constant fear of
unfeeling giants?
No.
I feel strong.
In fact,
I feel like I could withstand
a nuclear holocaust.
I suppose this means
you're going to go
ahead and build
your Everything
Emporium now.
What?
I'm going to climb
Mount Everest.
Bike across Death Valley.
I'm going to eat
my weight in garbage.
Why would I want to waste my
indestructableness on business?
See? I told you
overreacting would work.
Harvey, stop fidgeting.
Try and look like we're
having a good time.
I feel like all we're being
judged on is how we look.
How do I look?
Gorgeous.
Now will you stop
asking me that?
Stop yelling at me.
Nobody's going
to vote for us
if it looks
like we're fighting.
But do I really
look okay?
Okay, I'm sorry.
Let's just dance.
Got to go.
Dreama, have you
seen my camera?
No, but you can use mine.
Look for it, please.
Something tells me this is
about more than a camera.
Thank you for helping
me back here.
My pleasure.
I was feeling
a little disoriented.
Ooh, I wonder if I could
scurry up those curtains.
Come on, Hilda, let's go.
Call the elevator.
I'll be right there.
(chuckling)
I'm beginning to think
you have a problem.
And now, the moment
everyone's been waiting for.
The King and Queen of this
year's Snowflake Ball are...
Harvey Kinkle
and Sabrina Spellman!
(cheering)
Sabrina?
I thought dancing alone
was embarrassing.
I can't believe
she's missing this.
Hello, um, I'm really grateful
for the honor and all,
but since Sabrina's disappeared,
maybe you guys should pick
somebody else.
SABRINA:
No!
Sabrina?
Ow, my foot!
Sorry.
Dreama, do me a favor.
Go onstage and
stall them
until I can find the
camera, would you?
Okay, but only because
people are starting to think
I'm talking to myself.
SABRINA:
Here I am in my moment of glory
and no one can see me.
Too bad I'm not a bigger fan
of irony.
She's really levelheaded
and pretty down to earth.
Is that girl talking about me?
Yeah, I voted for Sabrina, too.
I mean, she's nice
and she definitely doesn't
follow the pack.
Oh, great, I dieted
until I became invisible
and spent a load of money
on a dress
and they voted for me because
I don't normally do that.
I'm back.
All I needed to restore myself
was a little self-esteem.
And I definitely
don't need to diet.
In fact,
if I don't eat something,
I'm going to keel over.
Mrs. Quick!
Sorry about your dress.
Oh, that's okay.
If you don't mind, I
think I'll keep this
for the next
time I swell up.
It happens fairly often.
Well, the good news is,
we didn't have to go
to the emergency room.
Yeah, I suppose
you're right.
Although part of me
was looking forward
to all of the excitement.
And now my personal favorite,
Mr. Bunny Rabbit.
(crowd groans)
Hey, where have you been?
Awash in social
pressure, but I'm back,
and I've got something
I'm going to say.
Well, don't tell the story
about the two priests
on the golf course,
'cause Dreama
already did that.
It got a laugh.
I just want to say
that I've learned
an important lesson tonight.
I realized that what a person
looks like on the outside
doesn't matter half as much
as what she's like
on the inside.
I think this belongs to Sabrina.
Or Allan Carr.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm all for hygiene
and grooming, but thanks to you,
I'll be keeping it
all in perspective.
QUICK:
This is a moment
she'll never want to forget.
Say cheese.
Mrs. Quick, no!
So there we were
receiving our crowns
when suddenly
Sabrina ballooned out.
She was huge.
At this time,
we think a rogue bee
may have been
the culprit.
Wow.
I hope she wasn't
planning to wear
it to the prom.
Well, I'm sure Sabrina
will be fine.
Thanks for bringing her home.
(crickets chirping)
SABRINA:
Is the coast clear?
Oh, I've learned
my lesson.
I'm never starving myself again.
Honey, just remember.
It you just eat right
and get regular exercise,
you'll never have a problem.
SALEM:
Mm. It's always worked for me.
Are there any more
apple delights?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org